== Twitter Wall Documentation<


== About Twitter Wall
TwitterWall is a simple jQuery plugin that searchs twitter for a given term at a given interval.


== What can I do with it?
The things Twitter Wall can do are endless, I just tried to give you some examples:

   * Expose what people are saying about you or your business directly on your site
   * Promoting events
   * Conferences
   * Fallow trending topics
   * Promoting Competitions
   * ... and more, just unleash your imagination



== Features

	To easy to be used


TwitterWall comes with 3 themes with free PSD included.

== System Requirements

	jQuery 1.3.2 +

== Instalation
	
* Initiate the plugin by adding the fallowing script into your header.

	<script type="text/javascript"><br/>
		$(document).ready(function(){<br/>
			<strong>$('#twitterWall').twitterWall({hashtag: '#Graffiti', interval: 5000});
		});
	</script>

* We are selecting the div we defined earlier, 'start' our plugin and tell that we want to search for #Twitter, at an interval of 5 seconds (5000 in miliseconds)
* Done, the twits should appear where they should :)

* A list with the search operators you can use: http://search.twitter.com/operators Twitter Search Operators!


== Advanced mode
*If you want to use a style that came with the package, you just have to refference the style into your header. Please fallow.
The styles are in the themes folder.
Choose one theme, copy the entire folder (ex:twall-blue) where ever you want 
Now, just refference the twall-blue.css file in your header.
	
If you are using one of the themes, remember to rename the target div twitterwall else the theme wont work
I've also included a theme skeleton, check Themes folder


If there's something that I've not covered, please feel free to contact me at any time.

TODO:
* Remove all PHP code and integrate it just into one simple jQuery plugin.